#
# This file is autogenerated by pip-compile with Python 3.12
# by the following command:
#
#    pip-compile requirements-dev.in
#
aiohappyeyeballs==2.6.1
    # via aiohttp
aiohttp==3.12.15
    # via langchain-community
aiosignal==1.4.0
    # via aiohttp
altair==5.5.0
    # via streamlit
annotated-types==0.7.0
    # via pydantic
anthropic==0.67.0
    # via langchain-anthropic
anyio==4.10.0
    # via
    #   anthropic
    #   google-genai
    #   httpx
    #   openai
    #   starlette
appdirs==1.4.4
    # via -r requirements.in
arrow==1.3.0
    # via ics
attrs==25.3.0
    # via
    #   aiohttp
    #   ics
    #   jsonschema
    #   referencing
blinker==1.9.0
    # via streamlit
bottleneck==1.6.0
    # via langchain-google-vertexai
build==1.3.0
    # via pip-tools
cachetools==5.5.2
    # via
    #   google-auth
    #   streamlit
certifi==2025.8.3
    # via
    #   httpcore
    #   httpx
    #   requests
charset-normalizer==3.4.3
    # via requests
click==8.2.1
    # via
    #   pip-tools
    #   streamlit
    #   uvicorn
    #   x-wr-timezone
cohere==5.18.0
    # via langchain-cohere
dataclasses-json==0.6.7
    # via langchain-community
distro==1.9.0
    # via
    #   anthropic
    #   openai
docstring-parser==0.17.0
    # via google-cloud-aiplatform
dotenv==0.9.9
    # via -r requirements.in
fastapi==0.116.2
    # via -r requirements.in
fastavro==1.12.0
    # via cohere
filelock==3.19.1
    # via huggingface-hub
filetype==1.2.0
    # via langchain-google-genai
frozenlist==1.7.0
    # via
    #   aiohttp
    #   aiosignal
fsspec==2025.9.0
    # via huggingface-hub
gitdb==4.0.12
    # via gitpython
gitpython==3.1.45
    # via streamlit
google-ai-generativelanguage==0.7.0
    # via langchain-google-genai
google-api-core[grpc]==2.25.1
    # via
    #   google-ai-generativelanguage
    #   google-api-python-client
    #   google-cloud-aiplatform
    #   google-cloud-bigquery
    #   google-cloud-core
    #   google-cloud-resource-manager
    #   google-cloud-storage
google-api-python-client==2.182.0
    # via -r requirements.in
google-auth==2.40.3
    # via
    #   google-ai-generativelanguage
    #   google-api-core
    #   google-api-python-client
    #   google-auth-httplib2
    #   google-auth-oauthlib
    #   google-cloud-aiplatform
    #   google-cloud-bigquery
    #   google-cloud-core
    #   google-cloud-resource-manager
    #   google-cloud-storage
    #   google-genai
google-auth-httplib2==0.2.0
    # via google-api-python-client
google-auth-oauthlib==1.2.2
    # via -r requirements.in
google-cloud-aiplatform==1.114.0
    # via langchain-google-vertexai
google-cloud-bigquery==3.37.0
    # via google-cloud-aiplatform
google-cloud-core==2.4.3
    # via
    #   google-cloud-bigquery
    #   google-cloud-storage
google-cloud-resource-manager==1.14.2
    # via google-cloud-aiplatform
google-cloud-storage==2.19.0
    # via
    #   google-cloud-aiplatform
    #   langchain-google-vertexai
google-crc32c==1.7.1
    # via
    #   google-cloud-storage
    #   google-resumable-media
google-genai==1.37.0
    # via google-cloud-aiplatform
google-resumable-media==2.7.2
    # via
    #   google-cloud-bigquery
    #   google-cloud-storage
googleapis-common-protos[grpc]==1.70.0
    # via
    #   google-api-core
    #   grpc-google-iam-v1
    #   grpcio-status
greenlet==3.2.4
    # via sqlalchemy
grpc-google-iam-v1==0.14.2
    # via google-cloud-resource-manager
grpcio==1.75.0
    # via
    #   google-api-core
    #   googleapis-common-protos
    #   grpc-google-iam-v1
    #   grpcio-status
    #   pymilvus
grpcio-status==1.75.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   google-api-core
h11==0.16.0
    # via
    #   httpcore
    #   uvicorn
hf-xet==1.1.10
    # via huggingface-hub
httpcore==1.0.9
    # via httpx
httplib2==0.31.0
    # via
    #   google-api-python-client
    #   google-auth-httplib2
httpx==0.28.1
    # via
    #   anthropic
    #   cohere
    #   google-genai
    #   langchain-google-vertexai
    #   langgraph-sdk
    #   langsmith
    #   ollama
    #   openai
httpx-sse==0.4.0
    # via
    #   cohere
    #   langchain-community
    #   langchain-google-vertexai
huggingface-hub==0.35.0
    # via tokenizers
icalendar==6.3.1
    # via
    #   recurring-ical-events
    #   x-wr-timezone
ics==0.7.2
    # via -r requirements.in
idna==3.10
    # via
    #   anyio
    #   httpx
    #   requests
    #   yarl
importlib-metadata==8.7.0
    # via -r requirements.in
iniconfig==2.1.0
    # via pytest
jinja2==3.1.6
    # via
    #   altair
    #   pydeck
jiter==0.11.0
    # via
    #   anthropic
    #   openai
jsonpatch==1.33
    # via langchain-core
jsonpointer==3.0.0
    # via jsonpatch
jsonschema==4.25.1
    # via altair
jsonschema-specifications==2025.9.1
    # via jsonschema
langchain==0.3.27
    # via langchain-community
langchain-anthropic==0.3.20
    # via -r requirements.in
langchain-cohere==0.4.6
    # via -r requirements.in
langchain-community==0.3.29
    # via langchain-cohere
langchain-core==0.3.76
    # via
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-anthropic
    #   langchain-cohere
    #   langchain-community
    #   langchain-google-genai
    #   langchain-google-vertexai
    #   langchain-milvus
    #   langchain-ollama
    #   langchain-openai
    #   langchain-text-splitters
    #   langgraph
    #   langgraph-checkpoint
    #   langgraph-prebuilt
langchain-google-genai==2.1.11
    # via -r requirements.in
langchain-google-vertexai==2.1.2
    # via -r requirements.in
langchain-milvus==0.2.1
    # via -r requirements.in
langchain-ollama==0.3.8
    # via -r requirements.in
langchain-openai==0.3.33
    # via -r requirements.in
langchain-text-splitters==0.3.11
    # via langchain
langgraph==0.6.7
    # via -r requirements.in
langgraph-checkpoint==2.1.1
    # via
    #   langgraph
    #   langgraph-checkpoint-postgres
    #   langgraph-prebuilt
langgraph-checkpoint-postgres==2.0.23
    # via -r requirements.in
langgraph-prebuilt==0.6.4
    # via langgraph
langgraph-sdk==0.2.7
    # via langgraph
langsmith==0.4.28
    # via
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-community
    #   langchain-core
markupsafe==3.0.2
    # via jinja2
marshmallow==3.26.1
    # via dataclasses-json
milvus-lite==2.5.1
    # via pymilvus
multidict==6.6.4
    # via
    #   aiohttp
    #   yarl
mypy-extensions==1.1.0
    # via typing-inspect
narwhals==2.5.0
    # via altair
numexpr==2.12.1
    # via langchain-google-vertexai
numpy==2.3.3
    # via
    #   bottleneck
    #   langchain-community
    #   numexpr
    #   pandas
    #   pydeck
    #   shapely
    #   streamlit
oauthlib==3.3.1
    # via requests-oauthlib
ollama==0.5.4
    # via langchain-ollama
openai==1.107.3
    # via langchain-openai
orjson==3.11.3
    # via
    #   langgraph-checkpoint-postgres
    #   langgraph-sdk
    #   langsmith
ormsgpack==1.10.0
    # via langgraph-checkpoint
packaging==25.0
    # via
    #   altair
    #   build
    #   google-cloud-aiplatform
    #   google-cloud-bigquery
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   langchain-core
    #   langsmith
    #   marshmallow
    #   pipdeptree
    #   pytest
    #   streamlit
pandas==2.3.2
    # via
    #   pymilvus
    #   streamlit
pillow==11.3.0
    # via streamlit
pip-tools==7.5.0
    # via -r requirements-dev.in
pipdeptree==2.28.0
    # via -r requirements-dev.in
pluggy==1.6.0
    # via pytest
propcache==0.3.2
    # via
    #   aiohttp
    #   yarl
proto-plus==1.26.1
    # via
    #   google-ai-generativelanguage
    #   google-api-core
    #   google-cloud-aiplatform
    #   google-cloud-resource-manager
protobuf==6.32.1
    # via
    #   google-ai-generativelanguage
    #   google-api-core
    #   google-cloud-aiplatform
    #   google-cloud-resource-manager
    #   googleapis-common-protos
    #   grpc-google-iam-v1
    #   grpcio-status
    #   proto-plus
    #   pymilvus
    #   streamlit
psycopg==3.2.10
    # via langgraph-checkpoint-postgres
psycopg-pool==3.2.6
    # via langgraph-checkpoint-postgres
pyarrow==21.0.0
    # via
    #   langchain-google-vertexai
    #   streamlit
pyasn1==0.6.1
    # via
    #   pyasn1-modules
    #   rsa
pyasn1-modules==0.4.2
    # via google-auth
pydantic==2.11.9
    # via
    #   anthropic
    #   cohere
    #   fastapi
    #   google-cloud-aiplatform
    #   google-genai
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-anthropic
    #   langchain-cohere
    #   langchain-core
    #   langchain-google-genai
    #   langchain-google-vertexai
    #   langgraph
    #   langsmith
    #   ollama
    #   openai
    #   pydantic-settings
pydantic-core==2.33.2
    # via
    #   cohere
    #   pydantic
pydantic-settings==2.10.1
    # via langchain-community
pydeck==0.9.1
    # via streamlit
pyee==13.0.0
    # via -r requirements.in
pygments==2.19.2
    # via pytest
pymilvus==2.6.1
    # via langchain-milvus
pyparsing==3.2.4
    # via httplib2
pyproject-hooks==1.2.0
    # via
    #   build
    #   pip-tools
pytest==8.4.2
    # via pytest-asyncio
pytest-asyncio==1.2.0
    # via -r requirements-dev.in
python-dateutil==2.9.0.post0
    # via
    #   arrow
    #   google-cloud-bigquery
    #   icalendar
    #   ics
    #   pandas
    #   recurring-ical-events
python-dotenv==1.1.1
    # via
    #   dotenv
    #   pydantic-settings
    #   pymilvus
python-multipart==0.0.20
    # via -r requirements.in
pytz==2025.2
    # via pandas
pyyaml==6.0.2
    # via
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-community
    #   langchain-core
recurring-ical-events==3.8.0
    # via -r requirements.in
referencing==0.36.2
    # via
    #   jsonschema
    #   jsonschema-specifications
regex==2025.9.1
    # via tiktoken
requests==2.32.5
    # via
    #   cohere
    #   google-api-core
    #   google-cloud-bigquery
    #   google-cloud-storage
    #   google-genai
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-community
    #   langsmith
    #   requests-oauthlib
    #   requests-toolbelt
    #   streamlit
    #   tiktoken
requests-oauthlib==2.0.0
    # via google-auth-oauthlib
requests-toolbelt==1.0.0
    # via langsmith
rpds-py==0.27.1
    # via
    #   jsonschema
    #   referencing
rsa==4.9.1
    # via google-auth
shapely==2.1.1
    # via google-cloud-aiplatform
six==1.17.0
    # via
    #   ics
    #   python-dateutil
smmap==5.0.2
    # via gitdb
sniffio==1.3.1
    # via
    #   anthropic
    #   anyio
    #   openai
sqlalchemy==2.0.43
    # via
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-community
starlette==0.48.0
    # via fastapi
streamlit==1.49.1
    # via -r requirements.in
tatsu==5.13.1
    # via ics
tenacity==9.1.2
    # via
    #   google-genai
    #   langchain-community
    #   langchain-core
    #   streamlit
tiktoken==0.11.0
    # via langchain-openai
tokenizers==0.22.0
    # via cohere
toml==0.10.2
    # via streamlit
tornado==6.5.2
    # via streamlit
tqdm==4.67.1
    # via
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   milvus-lite
    #   openai
types-python-dateutil==2.9.0.20250822
    # via arrow
types-pyyaml==6.0.12.20250915
    # via langchain-cohere
types-requests==2.32.4.20250913
    # via cohere
typing-extensions==4.15.0
    # via
    #   aiosignal
    #   altair
    #   anthropic
    #   anyio
    #   cohere
    #   fastapi
    #   google-cloud-aiplatform
    #   google-genai
    #   grpcio
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   langchain-core
    #   openai
    #   psycopg
    #   psycopg-pool
    #   pydantic
    #   pydantic-core
    #   pyee
    #   pytest-asyncio
    #   referencing
    #   sqlalchemy
    #   starlette
    #   streamlit
    #   typing-inspect
    #   typing-inspection
typing-inspect==0.9.0
    # via dataclasses-json
typing-inspection==0.4.1
    # via
    #   pydantic
    #   pydantic-settings
tzdata==2025.2
    # via
    #   icalendar
    #   pandas
    #   recurring-ical-events
    #   x-wr-timezone
ujson==5.11.0
    # via pymilvus
uritemplate==4.2.0
    # via google-api-python-client
urllib3==2.5.0
    # via
    #   requests
    #   types-requests
uvicorn==0.35.0
    # via -r requirements.in
validators==0.35.0
    # via langchain-google-vertexai
watchdog==6.0.0
    # via streamlit
websockets==15.0.1
    # via google-genai
wheel==0.45.1
    # via pip-tools
x-wr-timezone==2.0.1
    # via recurring-ical-events
xxhash==3.5.0
    # via langgraph
yarl==1.20.1
    # via aiohttp
zipp==3.23.0
    # via importlib-metadata
zstandard==0.25.0
    # via langsmith

# The following packages are considered to be unsafe in a requirements file:
# pip
# setuptools
